#text1#
I first heared of studeent protets at  Collge when I returnd there in June of 1990 for my twenty-fifth reuion .Outgong presient , adressing the assrmbled alumbni , mentiomed that at the end of the spring senester , a group of students had stagred a ralliy on the steps of Art Museum in suppart of gay and lesbuan studies at the college .Greason said that he met with the stuents and listened to their denands but mades them no pormises . The event endded with student leadars walking with Greason back to his office and trying unsuccesfully to chunge his mind .
#text2#
You might be wodering why we nead nearal seaech: after all, we allready havea goood search engnines on the web, and we often manage to findt what we need. So what’s the vulae porposition of naural search?
#text3#
When deep arificial neural netorks are usad to halp solvve search probulms, this fiald is cualled neural search. In this book, you’ll get to knonw how neural netwerks are compused, how they work, and how they can be used in prectice, all in the contenxt of seurch engines.
#text4#
The qualty of sarch resalts is crecial for end users. There is one thng a search engine should do well: find out which of the posibly metching saerch results would be most usaful for a spacific user’s informetion needss. Well-ranked search results allow users to find imporrtant results more eassily and quikly; that’s why we put a lot of emphesis on the topic of relavant results.
#text5#
In rael life, this can mke a huge diference. acording to an article publlished in Forbes, By provding better search results, Netflix estimetes that it is avoiding camceled subscrptions that would reducce its revenae by $1B anually.Daep neural networks can help by autmatically tweaing the end user query under the hoood based on past user quaries or based on the search engine contents.
#text5#
for scearios like web search (searching over all the websies on the intternet), userrs can coe froom all over the woold, so it’s besat if they can search in their natiive langduages. Additonally, the searh engrine could pmick user provfiles and rturn results in their lantguage evnen if thyey searcsh in English; this is a comon scenrio for tech queries, because lots of comtent is prodaced in English. An interesting aplication of deep neural netwoks is called neural macine transilation, a set of tecniques that use deep neural networks to traslate a piece of text from a source language into another target lanuage.
